hello everybody this is Jeff and I am
back to show you my new mini cocktail
arcade machine this is the second one
that I built please check out my other
videos of the first one you will notice
some differences in this one I sold my
other one and they the buyer really
liked it you'll see that he commented on
the YouTube video there the the one of
the two the part 1 part 2 I think of my
other mini cocktail arcade which was
blue and had graphics and I want to show
you the differences in this one I built
this one for a friend because the sale
went so well I actually ended up selling
on eBay and a lot of people were
interested and so now I'm I'm building
for other folks and kind of doing some
custom things here one of the things is
is this one's black that was requested
and I can do other colors brown I got a
nice brown and we pretty much do any
color and another thing is it's got some
different colored buttons you can see
there's yellow and red there and one of
the cool things that he had wanted and
that I figured out how to do was these
buttons also light up so these are LED
lit buttons you can't see it very well
on the video I don't think but you did
notice that the one is yellow and the
one over here on the right is red and
then of course the 1 2 player buttons
are white but I'll turn off the lights
here in a moment to see if you can see
that any better and then the other
really nice thing that he wanted and we
I was able to find find the cable out
there to make it work is that this is
the arcade SD and so all the games
everything is programmed from an SD card
so right here's the power obviously and
then you've got a the test switch but
what I did was I was able to mount this
in here and now instead of having to
take and go in
side of the cabinet to pull the SD card
out well then you can now pop it in and
out really easily and I'm very happy
with how that turned out and and you'll
know from my other videos if you want to
watch them that the game board designer
is going to quarterly not guaranteed but
quarterly update his board to be able to
handle other games and so you can update
it pull that card out put it in your
computer and it makes it really easy so
you don't have to go inside of the
cabinet now so that's something I really
want to start including in my future
cabinets for other folks and of course
the if you want the litte buttons that's
an option as well
but I really like the way the litte
buttons work and I'll show you here in
just a moment
and again this is the the arcade SD card
board it's got 990 games and you can
just flip through those games come
across one you can hit the hit one of
these buck excuse-me buttons over here
and it'll go into sort of a little
preview mode and see if that one goes in
so they all go in a little bit random
spot and you can of course hit your one
player go right into the game and if you
want to get out of the game so that's
not the one I wanted you see it both of
these and it comes right back out
and of course it's two-player and
cocktail version so it's really nice and
I hope that you like it I also found out
one really nice thing is that I can put
feet on the bottom of these like I did
my other one but this little pad and
this is just sitting on a not a real
good table right now but this pad under
here is one of those it's just a very
inexpensive sticky pad and if you lay
that down before you put it on the table
you can really go crazy with this
joystick you can really move it around
and and the thing doesn't slide around
and it works really nicely and I'm going
to
include one of these little pads and
each one of these ones I make for people
so again I'm going to go ahead and turn
the lights off so hold on one second
okay I'm back and I've turned off most
of the lights I got one light on and my
TV on over there but you can see how
nicely these buttons light up again on
the video you probably can't see the
colors of them but there's they come in
all different colors but these are the
colors that my friend that requested
this he requested these colors and so I
really was very happy with the way the
lights turned out and they work very
well so again this is the my second mini
cocktail arcade game and please do check
out my other videos if you have any
questions or comments I would love to to
hear of them and I'm just love to do
this it's my my hobby and I have fun and
I don't really make a whole lot of money
on the builds but you know it's enough
to to somewhat support my my hobby so
anyway I really like doing it and got
some great suggestions from from my
friend here about the buttons and and of
course the SD card slot so again please
come back check it out let me know what
you think and I will talk to you all
later take care bye bye